You have no use of it unless it is broken. What is it?
An egg.


How many months have 28 days?
All of them!

What starts and ends in “e” but only contains one letter?
An envelope.

Only one thing goes up and down yet remains in the same place. What is it?
The stairs. 

What is something that only has one foot, one head, and four legs?
A bed.

What is something with one head, four legs, but many hungry mouths?
A dining table. 

Do you think it’s possible to ever to lift an elephant with one hand?
No, you’ll never find an elephant with one hand.

Before Mount Everest was discovered as the world tallest peak, was the tallest mountain in the world?
Still Mount Everest. Just because it wasn’t discovered yet doesn’t mean it wasn’t the highest mountain in the world

 There are two things you can never eat at breakfast. What are they?
Lunch and dinner. 

What do you really find at the end of a rainbow?
The letter ‘W’

How can you write 11 using three lines?
XI

It’s a 10-letter word, but it has thousands of words in it. What is it?
Dictionary. 

At what instance is 1 + 1 not equal to 2?
When you make a mistake!

What three letters can transform a girl into a woman?
Age.

If you and your friend are posing to take a photo, what is between you and your friend?
and

Where can you find cities, towns, shops, and streets but no people?
On a map.

If you have one, you want to share it. But once you share it, you do not have it. What is it?
A secret

Who can knock you unconscious, take your money and leave you with missing teeth, without breaking any laws?
A dentist

How many stars still remain in the sky, during daylight hours?
All of them

What is always approaching faster than you think, but never actually arrives?
The future

Which day of the year has 23 full hours?
All of them

What appears in the middle of January, twice in August, and once in June?
The letter ‘U’

What appears in the middle of January, twice in August, and once in June?How many sides does a circle have?
Two. Inside and outside.

On which side of a chicken are there more feathers?
The outside.

ow can a man who shaves several times a day still sport a long beard?
He’s a barber.

How do you go 20 days without sleep?
Sleep at night.

How does the smoke blow if an electric train moves north at 100mph and the wind blows to the west at ten mph?
An electric train has no smoke.

